---
layout: post
title: 'Letter #'
---

Dear Chipotle Headquarters, 

My name is Steven deCsesznak and I am a chipotle loving, burrito barking, guacamole groupie who has been loyal to Chipotle for more than a decade. More often than not, restaurants overlook the connection between how the food is raised and prepared, and how it tastes.  Chipotle is the exception.  When I bite into that succulent, meat packed, salsa dripping, guacamole governed, cheese packed burrito, I know that each ingredient going into my body is grown and prepared with the upmost commitment to quality.  Chipotle is not just food to the body; Chipotle is food for the soul.

As a living and breathing Chipotle machine, I have taken it upon myself to advocate for Chipotle’s commitment to food with integrity.  Whether that means single handedly driving sales up with my median wage paycheck or dragging friends and coworkers to the establishment- willingly or not- I get the job done. (I’m just kidding about nonconsensual Chipotle visits.  Please don’t sue me.)  

In the years gone by, I have become increasingly aware of the holy grail of all treasures: the exclusive VIP Chipotle Burritos for Life card.  I would like to inquire about the application process for such an elite position.  My extensive background in a Chipotle Crew-facing role makes me a strong candidate for this position.  In the next week I will send over a copy of my resume so you may become familair with my qualifications.
     
Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing back from you. 

Yours Literally,



Steven A. deCsesznak