---
layout: post
title: 'Letter #'
---

Dear Chipotle Headquarters, 

Today I woke up with the imminent thought of my domestic duties that Sunday brings.  What got me out of bed was the comforting thought of burying my face in a delicious Chipotle burrito. After breakfast, I started to meal prep for the week to come.  I started thawing out my chicken and bringing water to a boil for my organic quinoa.  Next, I set out my five containers to fill for when the food is fully prepared.  Now you may be asking, why just five containers.  Last I checked, a week has seven days in it.  While you are correct in this statement, you have overlooked a very important piece of information.  Two burritos a week keeps the mind at peak.  

Once I finished my meal prepping, I put all my dirty dishes in the dishwasher and started her up.  When the dishwater didn’t start, I threw a few ‘love’ jabs and by golly it was off.  My girlfriend wasn’t too happy about my ‘love’ taps, but she knew that a 1 pm chipotle reservation was on the horizon, so she happily helped with the dishes. 

The time was 12:23pm and the only thing on my mind was Chipotle’s ever-satisfying line-up of meats, cheese, vegetables and salsas.  I quickly threw my laundry in the washer and started to run to my car.  Midway through crossing the street I forgot that my girlfriend was still doing laundry and I left without her. I flipped a U turn and started running back to my apartment.  With my single-track mind playing chipotle scenarios on what I was going to order, I nearly got ran over by some guy in a BMW.  Apparently running halfway into the street and then standing there for 20 seconds realizing you forgot your wallet and running the way you came is “an asshole move.”  

I ordered my burrito and was off to the races trying to get the burrito inside me as fast a possible.  The finale of my burrito eating session happened when my girlfriend gave me the Heimlich maneuver from a piece of perfectly cooked chicken.  Needless to say, my Sunday lived up to my expectations and Chipotle remains on my mind.  

I love you.  You had me at “Burrito.”