---
title: Letter 20
layout: post
---

Dear Chipotle Headquarters, 

By my count, it has been 183 days since I sent my last love letter. In other numbers, 26 weeks or 6 months.  Far too long for soulmates to be apart.    

While a separation was not my idea, 2020 had a different plan in store for us.  During this time apart, I had some time to reflect and really get to know myself on a deeper level.

Before we talk about getting back together, there is something I would like to get off my chest.  During our break, I did see other burritos.  Just to see what else was out there.  Nothing serious, just a couple burritos here and there.  Occasionally, two at the same time.  Nothing you should be worried about.  I was thinking about you the whole time anyways. It was just eating and nothing more.  

Spending time apart has made is abundantly clear that you are the one I want to spend the rest of my life with.  We share such a special connection and I will never take that for granted again. 

Please accept my apology along with my revitalized commitment to stay with you forever and always.  We are meant for each other and I will never lose sight of that again. To demonstrate my love/loyalty to you, I have decided to double my efforts.  My father always used to say, “When in doubt, double down”.  That was of course before he divorced my mom and started his second family.

I dream of growing old with you.  I dream of spending every day together with you for the rest of my life. 

Until next letter...

Yours Literally,



Steven A. deCsesznak